Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[man] I've read a story this week
about a coach.
His name is Coach Buddy Stephens.
He's the coach at
East Mississippi Community College.
He has been featured in a documentary
of their season called Last Chance U.
"Last Chance University."
And it chronicles the story
of all of these young men. who...
It was their last chance to play.
And as he watched himself
on that screen...
he didn't like what he saw.
Can you imagine if a documentary
was made about your life?
And they followed you. the good...
and the bad...
and the ugly?
He said. after watching the program...
"I knew we had to change some things.
I had to change some things."
It's not about you waiting
until you get it all together.
It is recognizing that you've made a mess.
You need to change some things.
-[retching]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[retches]
-[player 1] Yeah. yeah. yeah.
[De'Andre Johnson]
I'm throwing straight broccoli up. son.
I'm throwing up broccoli.
[Buddy] No damn walking anymore.
-[retching]
-[Buddy] If you walk... Hey. yo!
If he walks. he starts it over.
[coach 1] Come on.
One foot in front of the other.
One foot in front of the other. baby.
You gonna have to attack it. baby.
You have to attack it.
If you don't mind. it don't matter.
[Wood] Keep running. Let's go. let's go.
Trying to get from one end
to the other. Let's go.
[Buddy] Looks like a damn army of men
running right there now.
Looks like a damn army.
[De'Andre] Remember that shit.
It's mind over matter.
If it don't suck. we don't do it.
All right. Let's pray again. Pray again.
Take the hats and stuff off. man.
Slow it down.
Whose father?
[all] Our Father. who art in Heaven.
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come. thy will be done...
[Buddy] It's good to have everybody here.
It's good to have our team together.
That's something
I've been waiting for for a long time.
Long time.
We got some unfinished business
that we gotta take care of
and it ain't just on the football field.
There's people in this room
got unfinished business.
And there's a lot of talent in this room.
A lot of ass whoopin'
that's fixin' to happen in this room.
But you gotta have one thing.
You gotta have a little...
You gotta be a little bit humble.
[Jason Crowder] Let's face it.
This team was on its way to...
playing for a national championship.
In all likelihood.
winning the national championship.
So you have to go through spring.
you have to go through summer.
um. of thinking what might have been.
Buddy realizes now that arrogance
can cause you to lose sight
of what's important.
And it can... can grip you.
Finally. now.
2015 is behind this football team
and this program can move forward
in a positive manner now.
[Thomas Huebner] We look bigger.
stronger. faster than we did last year.
It's hard not to set a high expectation
when I see these guys on the field.
But in my mind. I'm hoping to win it all.
and I think we have a legitimate shot.
De'Andre is an extremely talented kid.
He's very accurate.
Whenever he throws the ball.
it's going to go
wherever he wants to put it.
That's arm talent right there.
Very smart kid. Wants to get better.
Takes that mentality
in everything he does.
I can coach a kid like that.
who made a mistake.
he admitted it. move on from it.
That's what junior colleges are for.
We are Last Chance U for a reason.
We recruited some good athletes.
We got some great athletes coming back.
And the ones coming back.
you've been forged in the fires.
haven't you?
Isaiah? Incredible.
Athletic ability is phenomenal. of course.
Anybody can see that
when you watch him jump over people.
His anticipation of where to make his cuts
is pretty phenomenal.
[Crowder] It's going to be taken
at the goal line by EMCC.
out across the 15. 20...
Great speed across the 30.
-Nobody's gonna catch him.
-[Wood] He's lightning in a bottle.
We've got several guys who have
the ability to make plays at any time.
[Williams] Chauncey Rivers.
He's the best one I got right now.
[grunting]
He was a Georgia signee.
He had a couple of issues.
you know. with possession.
So that's how he ended up
being here with us.
I don't see that type of attitude in him
since he's been here.
He'll be a draft pick one day.
He's that type of talent.
[Ed Holly] Kam was playing at Penn State
and Coach Trickett brought him down.
He says. "You gotta look at this guy."
You know when he comes off the ball.
he's a big. strong. fast. tough guy.
He will be a dominant force
in this league.
[Williams] His situation.
dealing with substance abuse.
just to deal with everyday social living.
But one thing I just question about Kam
is his mental toughness.
Tim Bonner is a hell of a pass rusher.
Coming to us from Louisville.
and he got into a situation
with a young lady up there.
and the best decision for him
was to leave.
Go! Lean! There you go. There you go.
He's a funny. bright guy.
He don't know
when to shut it off sometime.
but. mentally. Tim just has to focus.
[Ed Holly] Dakota Allen.
you know. he is a superstar.
Been on this big stage.
He played against LSU.
[announcer] And that ball is intercepted.
Dakota Allen with the pick off.
[Ed Holly] He was Texas Tech's
second-leading tackler last year
with 80-plus tackles.
I don't know all the circumstances
of what happened.
You know. he has a reputation.
but we all make mistakes.
We've all sinned
and come short of the glory of God
and what I know is. is he's a competitor.
He wants to win.
[Ed Holly] When you come to Scooba.
it's a new beginning.
It's a new chapter.
It's like getting baptized.
Whatever happened in the past.
it's done.
Let's just worry about the future.
[Crowder]
I don't think there's any stopping
this East Mississippi football team.
But there is a reputation
around the league
of disdain for Buddy and East Mississippi.
When you have a brawl.
like happened last year.
the accusation of.
"Oh. that roster's full of thugs."
They're gonna prove
that that's not who they are.
Everybody deserves a second chance.
This is America.
America love redemption stories.
[marching band playing]
[host 1 on radio] 502-571-1080.
Let's talk about your homework.
How many of you did your homework.
watched Last Chance U?
What were your thoughts
over the show overall?
[host 2] First of all. I can't believe
this little-bitty town of 700 people
has this massive junior college
football program
where all the major college coaches
go to recruit.
-[host 1] Not just... Like. all of 'em.
-[host 2] Yes.
-[host 1] They all go.
[host 2] Nick Saban. you know.
they all go recruit these kids.
[host 1] Their team this year
is supposed to be--
-[host 2] Just as good?
-[host 1] Better.
What about the coach?
[host 2] I've been
in athletics my whole life.
-You run into guys like that.
-[host 1] But do you think...
The offensive coordinator
was the only one they could talk to.
[host 2] Yes. I agree.
[host 1] But then to me.
the unforgivable thing
is what he said to the team afterwards.
When he was sitting there.
calling 'em street thugs.
Like. that made me mad.
First of all. you don't say that.
Like. that language is unacceptable.
[host 2] ...but I'm like you.
I fell in love with that woman
because she alone is trying
to help those kids succeed in life.
A lot of those kids came
from horrible backgrounds.
-horrible family lives.
-[players beatboxing]
She's trying to give them a chance.
-[host 1] I was shocked...
-[Wagner] Shut up.
...at how much empathy
she had for everyone.
-[host 2] I agree.
-[Wagner] Shh!
-[host 1] You like her?
-[host 2] Yes.
[host 2] I think it's more than like.
-Sure.
-I think a little smitten.
Okay. Okay.
[host 3] Speaking of which.
we got Brittany Wagner on the phone now.
-[host 1 laughs]
-[host 3] Yeah.
[host 1] Hello. Brittany Wagner.
How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
That is her. I can tell by the voice.
-[chuckles]
-You were listening.
Do you think
it's gonna be different this year
now that you know what's going on
and you've seen how it ends up on TV?
Let me ask the guys. Do y'all think
it's gonna be different this year
knowing that we... What's...
That this is all going to be on TV
and how it's gonna...
-That it's a big show.
-[all speaking]
They say no. They're the same people.
-We still gotta grind.
-[Wagner] It's gonna be the same.
-Here for two reasons--
-[Wagner] That's enough.
[host 1] There you go. Well. thank you.
I hope you and the guys
will sit and finish the show as well.
Yeah. we will
until they have to go to class.
All right. Good deal.
Thank you very much.
-We appreciate it.
-Thank you. guys. Bye.
-[Wagner] Hi!
-Hey.
-How are you?
-I'm all right.
[Wagner] Okay. you gotta sign that.
That was your semester GPA.
Um. so you're on track for December.
Shouldn't be an issue.
We just gotta pass that math class.
-How are you?
-I'm good. How are you?
[Wagner] Good. What's your name?
-Kamonte Carter.
-Okay.
Are you in culture shock?
[both chuckling]
[Wagner] No?
So. um. we'll do your schedule
in the morning.
just. you know. whatever we've gotta do
to get out in December. okay?
-We'll figure it out.
-So will you call me on his schedule?
-Ma'am?
-Will you call me on his schedule?
He doesn't make them decisions.
-[Wagner] I'll handle it.
-Okay.
[Wagner] I won't leave it up to him.
-He won't have any say.
-[Rivers] He doesn't.
So I... [chuckles] I'll do it
just based on what we've got to do
to get him out in December
and keep him D-I eligible.
Tomorrow night.
'cause you're gonna be all excited.
you're gonna go to class. have tutoring...
Your friends are here.
you're gonna have football.
you're gonna go to dinner.
and you're gonna be sitting in dinner.
You're gonna be chilling. hanging out.
and then you're gonna forget
about this class.
You know I'm gonna cut up at dinner.
You've got to remember
that you have this class at 9:00.
-All right.
-'Cause you miss it.
you're gonna get dropped.
You have no more leeway.
My magic wand has already been waved.
So there's no more fairy dust.
There's no more magic.
It's now on Isaiah Wright to get it done.
All right. But I ain't worried about it.
[Wagner] You're still here.
-That's where we gotta be for you.
-[Isaiah] Okay.
'Cause these offers
that we have right now...
-will disappear if this changes to May.
-Yeah. Okay.
[Wagner] They are a group of kids.
I just think it's gonna be
a stressful semester
because there's a lot of them that are
on track to get out in December.
Maybe more than normal.
And I think there's the whole distraction
of the season.
like. making sure that it goes better
than it went last year.
Distraction of the show.
-[laughing]
-[Wagner] If you... Hey!
If you don't have a pencil.
I have 864 of them!
They have been mailed to me
from all over the world.
so I need you to come get one.
[chuckles]
[player] Shout out to everybody on Twitter
from all over the world.
sending us pencils.
Thank y'all for these pencils
that y'all sent us.
-'Cause we gone need 'em.
-Hey. I just need two.
Uh-uh. I get pencils for...
-He gettin' the whole thing.
-I get a pencil...
[Wagner] I gotta figure out
a way to be like. "Look...
are you gonna ruin your whole future
for two seconds of camera time?
Or are you gonna focus
on what you're supposed to be doing?"
["Annie's Song" playing on speakers]
♪ Like a night in a forest ♪
♪ Like the mountains in springtime ♪
♪ Like a walk in the rain ♪
[Buddy] It's a beautiful song.
A serenity song this morning.
Oh. man. it was real difficult
to watch the documentary.
You know. I sat back
and I watched it. and I go...
"I just don't like that guy.
That guy's not a good guy.
He's not a good coach.
[stuttering] He's a...
He's got...
Ooh-whee. his language is bad."
I met a couple in the store one day.
Older couple. probably in their late 70s.
and guy comes up to me
and introduces himself
and his wife is standing there
and just.
hey. how much they enjoyed
the documentary.
And I caught myself looking over at her
and saying. "I'm just... I'm so sorry.
[chuckles] I'm so sorry for what I said
and how I acted. and. uh...
just the person that I am."
And she said. "Coach...
people love sausage.
but nobody wants to see how it's made."
[chuckles]
And that's kind of stuck with me.
And she said. "You know.
people don't wanna know what reality is.
They don't wanna know
what it takes to keep our country safe.
to keep our streets safe.
to raise our children.
They just want 'em raised." And that's it.
Nobody wants to know how you do it.
They just wanna know that you do it.
[Tooney Hill] I really like Buddy.
I like his way of coaching.
To be the best at whatever you do...
you got to be different.
If you're just out there.
"Come on. guys. Come on. guys."
That ain't gonna get it.
Sometimes people don't understand just...
um. average talk.
Sometimes you have to. uh.
turn it up a notch. is what I call it.
[Buddy Temple] I said. "Wow!
Man. what in the world is going on
in Scooba. Mississippi?"
It was just such a shocking thing to me
to hear all the bad language
and. I mean. I'm not blind to the fact
that kind of stuff doesn't happen.
but this was just overwhelming to me.
because this was my school
that I was listening to. my hometown.
I didn't think it belonged there.
Buddy Stephens. he understands football.
But I think if he went
through another season like that.
and did not change.
I think that he would be removed.
I really do.
[whistle blows]
[Buddy] Hey. let's go!
Hey. that's on me. don't worry about it.
That wasn't bad.
Good job. He's gotta catch the ball.
[Vijay Miller] I'm talking about Duck...
He ain't playing.
Duck's gotta catch. Hey.
[stuttering] Hey!
You understand now.
when you go into a huddle like this.
you just gotta pick him up.
He knows he missed the ball.
You just gotta pick him up now.
I need happy eyes. I need wide eyes.
I need having fun.
because that's what's gonna happen
next Thursday.
We're gonna have fun.
We're gonna move the ball
against them-- Hey!
You are dadgum great athletes.
And we're gonna move the ball
against them. okay?
[Crowder] Buddy has an edge about him
that every winning football coach
has to have.
But I think
Buddy's also seeing some change
in how maybe he deals
with people around him.
deals with his players.
maybe his assistants.
He joked with me about the swearing.
and he said...
"I have to give my team five push-ups
for every swear word."
He said. "I've only done 15 so far."
Turn around.
His ass gives you... gives you...
"His ass."
[grunts]
[players laughing]
[player] Get your belly off the ground.
will you?
I'm gonna give ten
for what I think about you every day.
[Wood] I think he's trying to make
a conscious effort to change how he talks.
and some things that he does.
He gets frustrated about some stuff but.
a lot of times. you know...
He's... that's the way he is.
It's just his personality.
Everybody's got different personalities.
So...
[door opens]
-[Buddy] Hey. practice schedule!
-Yeah. I just printed it.
[Buddy] Did I bust you on the chops?
-No.
-[Buddy] I hate that.
-[interviewer] It's all good.
-Gotta work.
-Got things we gotta do.
-Printed it to the other room.
[Wood chuckles]
-But I'll re-run it.
-[Buddy sighs]
-Bye.
-[door closes]
[interviewer] But do you guys have
a good working relationship?
-[Wood] Yeah.
-[mouse clicking]
Ninth year...
Last man standing.
[laughs]
[Crowder] EMCC looking for
a fourth national championship.
But that's the long-term goal.
because the short term is to go 1-and-0.
Jones is gonna be the first opponent.
and because of what happened last season
and the suspension.
there's one game where guys
that were on last year's team
that left the bench at the Delta game.
they can't play.
[inaudible]
[Buddy] We'll play with half our team.
Uh. we'll play with
half our coaching staff.
We'll have to play with
half of our training staff.
They won't even allow the team chaplain
to come to the game.
We can play freshmen. we can play guys
that may have transferred. or whatever.
Um. but we can't play anybody that was
there at the ball game. Nobody.
That includes De'Andre Johnson.
who was in the press box.
That includes. um. managers
that were on the sideline.
The MACJC said that it was the whole team.
So it's everybody.
except for the head coach.
[De'Andre] I learned about two days ago.
Uh. so what's that.
like a week before the game?
I was kind of devastated. [chuckles]
I thought I'd be able to play. but...
It's all right.
Everything happens for a reason.
-He can't play?
-No. I can't play.
So I had to call my mom. my father.
everybody. Friends.
Canceled flights. hotels and whatnot.
so...
Anybody that was even in the press box.
if you just sat at that arena.
you can't go to the game.
you can't participate.
-It don't make sense.
-No sense!
I wish it wasn't that way.
but that's the hand that we're dealt with.
We're East Mississippi. we number one.
we top dog out here.
They could do everything they want
to hold us back.
Anytime there's a bench-clearing brawl.
teams are suspended for two games.
Well. we were suspended
for one game last year. the playoff game.
And then the first game this year.
of course. which will be the Jones game.
Honestly. it's kind of a makeshift.
put-together staff.
He'll have a new defensive coordinator
and a couple of defensive coaches
but. you know. Buddy.
he'll be it on offense.
because all of our coaches that were
on the field last year are suspended.
Now. to me. that's a bit much.
but it is what it is. so. you know.
we'll live with it.
[Ed Holly] Do your job.
Hold your brother accountable.
Get a championship rep in.
Hellfire and fury is about to rain down
in Goodman now. Thursday night.
It's a crazy situation.
And one. in 20-plus years of coaching.
that I've never been associated with.
We're gonna be down to 28. 30 players.
compared to a 55-man roster.
Be accountable.
Hold your brother accountable.
-Understand it.
-[all] Understand it.
[Vijay Miller]
These bitches can't stand it.
Hit her on the beach. ass sandy.
[Ed Holly] I didn't understand
a word you said.
but if it dealt with
stopping the opposition. I love it.
Ready.
[Holly] For me. it's exciting.
'cause I talk to our guys all the time.
This is the first time
in the history of this school
that we're taking about a half roster
to a junior college college football game.
And can you imagine
when it goes successful for us?
These guys are gonna go down in history.
It's awesome.
[Wood] You need to take care
of your teammates.
You need to make sure
you're leading right here.
Don't joke around about not being
a big deal. It's a huge deal.
So you set the tone
with how you act today.
This is a bad deal
that we're at the house.
and you know that. and I do. too.
It's frustrating. Wish we were done
with it from last year's deal.
Unfortunately. we're not.
Those guys are gonna pick the torch up
and run for you.
ain't got to worry.
You need to make sure they understand it.
you need to make sure
you're encouragin' them.
the whole step of the way.
So make sure that you're doing
everything you're capable of doing
to lead this team
to a national championship.
Not just winning the first game.
but a national championship.
[Isaiah] It's dumb.
'Cause we only got...
I think. three D-linemen.
you understand.
And not enough offensive linemen.
My very first game out of my whole life
not playin' in. not startin'.
not even be able to touch the field.
So it hit me. it hit me pretty deep.
They took it from us last year.
off some fugazi stuff.
But. hey. it happened.
What happened. happened.
We're just gonna fight
extra hard this year
to get what we was supposed to earn
last year.
[De'Andre] I was like.
"I'm suspended too?"
I wasn't even on the team.
I wasn't even on the roster last year.
So then why am I suspended?
I accepted it.
And. you know. nothin' I can do about it.
It's been two years since I played.
you know.
Adversity after adversity.
It's like the devil keep coming at me.
You know. but...
[scoffs] I'm cheering on Vijay.
"Come on. Vijay. Pull this...
You know what I'm sayin'?
Pull this team together.
Get this win for us."
On the ball. the ball!
What's the play? Y'all know the play?
Go on the ball! Let's go! Get on the ball!
Get up on the ball!
Line up. line up!
Clock's running! Let's go. let's go!
Come on. man!
-You two were last! Danny. let's go!
-Get that thing out your ass!
[Trickett] De'Andre knows he's the leader.
He's a quarterback.
They're all looking at him.
takes that mentality
in everything he does.
Vijay is more of a project.
We think we have him mentally prepared.
He went against our first D last night.
and he did pretty dang good.
That's fine. I can live with that.
I can live with that.
[Wood] Vijay wanted to compete.
Some people get scared off by that.
"I heard you got
a Division I quarterback."
He never really worried about that.
he was really focused on coming
and wanting to compete for the job.
And I think he's done
a marvelous job of that
as an incoming freshman.
If we can keep it simple for him
in keepin' it where it's controlled.
where he's only got
one or two things to read.
then he should do well.
[Trickett] We're better
than what we were on Saturday.
Let's keep building off of that.
We're not where we need to be.
Let's keep building off of that
so we can get
where you need to be next week.
and where you need to be
the week after that.
And you keep doing what you're doing.
All right? Good?
Qs on three. One. two. three...
[all] Qs.
[Wood] Backside of that thing is a slant.
It's not a stick.
Gotta make sure I see that.
You guys. you gotta know that stuff.
You can't just wait. Gotta know it.
Vijay.
[Wood] Can't do that. Can't do that.
Jones has got some good edge players.
You're gonna have to do
a great job blocking 'em.
[Buddy] You're gonna be in charge
of the O-line. okay?
I've pared everything down
to things I think everybody's
gonna be able to run really well.
We've changed some protections
to protect you a little bit longer.
But the thing I don't want you to do
is I don't want you to prolong the play
and you take a hit.
Just take it and run.
get us a first down. get down.
You're gonna be like
that Clemson quarterback
at the end of that Alabama game.
You're gonna be wore out. okay?
You're gonna be tired.
'Cause this is gonna be...
It's gonna be your game.
[Vijay] We're missing half our team. so...
I'm just ready to show
the coaches what I got.
and what I can bring to the table
so that I won't get overlooked.
I didn't play football
till about sixth grade.
I was playing baseball.
That's where it really all started at.
I threw harder than almost everybody.
The fastest I ever thrown was 93.
So I was like. "Okay. might as well
try football and be a quarterback."
I ain't get no. uh.
D-I offer or anything like that.
It was mainly all JUCO.
I thought I was better.
Well. I know I'm better than that.
So I just came to East Mississippi
'cause I know they get people out.
[Wagner] Tim...
are you logged in yet?
-[chuckles]
-Tim?
-[student] Hey. Miss...
-We're good.
What are you working on?
History. I mean. English.
I took my college English last year.
so I ain't gotta do it this year.
[sighs] I took it this summer.
It didn't come out right.
Tim. are you logged in yet?
[Tim] I'm turning the computer on.
Oh. my God! [chuckles]
Are you on yet?
[Tim] You know your computer's slow.
Well. you talked to Mitch
for ten minutes before.
Look. I've been waiting for it to load up.
-Do you have. um. notes?
-Mm-mm.
You've gotta start taking notes
in this class.
All right.
-Do you have a notebook?
-Nope. [sighs]
[Wagner] Okay. we're gonna make
a notebook right now.
And then next week.
you're gonna have the notebook
and it's gonna be full of notes.
[Tim] Mm-hmm-hmm...
-Yes?
-Yeah. I heard you.
I just need me some rest.
Go home and lay down and rest.
[Wagner] Come in here.
we're gonna make a notebook.
[clicks tongue and sighs]
[Wagner] You want one with a penguin?
-What are your classes?
-[Tim grunts]
Miss Mullins for human and...
develop growth.
And. um. Ms. Castleberry for. uh...
Just put Castleberry.
It was like a. uh...
[unzipping]
-[Wagner] Tim?
-[Tim] What up?
-[Wagner] What is this?
-[chuckles]
Tim. this is a mess.
I need you to do better.
I don't know a whole lot about him.
Went to Louisville out of high school
and then came here from Louisville.
I think he is a sweet. sweet guy.
But sometimes. when I ask him something.
I have to say it. like. three times
because he's just... not even...
It's like he's not even aware
of where he is and what he's doing.
Okay. next week. we're knockin' out
all of our homework...
-Listen to me.
-I hear you.
Look at me.
It's turned all the way up.
[chuckles] Look. okay? [stammers]
See?
[chuckles] Next week.
we're doing all the home...
Look at me and focus on what I'm saying.
Yeah. I'mma get the homework.
notes. and everything.
Next week. we're doing
all the homework and quizzes for math.
and I want all... [stammers]
The three history quizzes done.
All right.
I heard you. Miss Brittany. I promise you.
Now I need to get water. I'm thirsty.
I been here... held hostage.
Like I'm in a jail.
[Wagner laughing]
Oh... [sighs]
What's going on. man?
How you doing today?
[Tim] I was at
the University of Louisville.
but I had got into trouble.
Uh...
It's a long story. but...
Somebody had said
I had a gun in my dorm. so...
they checked my room.
but they ain't find no gun.
[stammers] I had a meeting
with the student dean.
Went over and. um. she said...
"She don't feel comfortable
about you on the campus. so...
you can stay and get charged
or leave and go home."
So I packed my stuff the same day.
got on a bus. and went to Birmingham.
I need to keep going. 'cause in my family.
I'm the first one to make it.
I had a lot of brothers play basketball
and football.
and they ain't too much make it. so...
they dropped out of school.
So they were on me tough
to keep me motivated a lot.
and tell me to keep on pushing myself.
[Buddy] All right. guys.
we got a huge problem.
This is supposedly our guy
that we're gonna start at guard.
First game.
And he can't do it.
Watch. And this one's even worse. Okay?
He's the backup to the backup.
That guy can't play.
We're bad at this right now.
So many freshmen that have no clue.
That. right there?
That. right there. is just mental.
This is the mentality
that we have right now as a team.
That. right there.
They're not very coachable right now.
I don't know what it is.
So what do we do?
-What do we do?
-Keep working.
Don't get frustrated over one deal.
Just keep grinding.
-We gotta keep going.
-[Buddy] But this is everyday deal.
-Well. but I mean--
-[Buddy] This ain't a one-day deal.
We've not blocked. and that's...
This is my responsibility.
[Wood stammers]
I have to do it every day. I get it.
-It is an everyday deal.
-[sighs]
You gotta keep working.
I don't think there's anything
other to do than that.
But the problem is. right now.
our demeanor is not very good. Period.
Young guys. do y'all want to use these?
-In the first game? Huh?
-[player] I'll use it. It'll be faster.
Okay. you okay to do that?
You gotta get it to... Can you read?
-[player] Uh-huh.
-[all laugh]
I mean. can you see that?
Is it too small?
[player] No. we had that in high school.
[Buddy] Get red. red. red. red.
red. red. red. No. red only.
Red. I got six.
No. I got the six. dummy!
Am I... am I speaking French?
-I got number. you got color!
-Oh. we ain't communicate that.
[Buddy] I'm gonna communicate it.
Here we go.
Right. right. right. right. right.
right. right. right. right. right!
That's how they gonna be in the game. too.
Arguing. "No. dummy. your left hand."
"White."
Here we go! Red.
Eight! Eight!
-Please don't hold 'em both up.
-I didn't.
[Buddy] Eight. Red-Eight.
Hey. dickhead here. he's gotta
figure out what we... [stutters]
He can't hold up both arms
and go. "Take a guess."
[stutters] It's right. it's right!
It ain't red. it ain't white. it's right!
I mean. it's... it's tough. man.
It's just. uh...
you want 'em to get better so fast.
and... and it takes a little time.
I want to blow up so bad.
and I just wanna...
You know. I just wanna. uh.
let the expletives fly. you know.
[stammers] But we're working
very hard to. uh...
to make sure that. uh.
we do things the right way.
[stammers] And. uh. it's very challenging.
It really is. but. uh. you know. uh...
Lord's taking care of me today.
Hey. Snoop. Get down. man.
Head up. son.
Let's go!
Ready. Let's go!
There you go. Good. good. good.
Hey. your ass can't get
knocked off the ball now.
You understand?
Son. you gonna have to help us play.
You gonna have to. You gonna have to.
Stop practicing
so doggone lackadaisical now.
Come off the doggone ball.
[indistinct chatter]
You playin' bad.
You might not want it bad.
[player] Hey. I got you.
-It's 180 degrees out here.
-[player] Yeah. man.
They frying the hell out of me.
[sniffing]
Hey. dude. yeah. what you do when.
uh. on the... from the...
Like. they pull you down?
[player] It should be illegal
to look this good...
-You don't let 'em pull you down.
-Shit. I was trying not to.
You bullshittin'.
-Who?
-You.
You've been out here too long
not to know this here call.
I'm not learning the way I should be.
'cause. I'm basically not...
I'm stressin' about the first game.
I gotta play. I mean. it ain't
that you may. you may not play.
I mean. you gonna... I have to play.
And I mean. I don't wanna get embarrassed.
I don't wanna embarrass my team
by not knowing what to do.
[stammers] It's a lot of nervousness
coming in behind that.
We gotta pick this up.
Practice has been horrible.
We gotta pick it up.
We got new stuff going in.
And I need y'all
to be ready to soak it in.
-You got me?
-Yes. sir.
Okay. and y'all need to get
on them damn freshmen's ass there
and to get they ass going. okay?
Seriously now.
[Chauncey] Yo. are you absolutely
trying your hardest at practice?
[De'Andre] Hell no.
He know he ain't getting cut.
-He know he ain't getting cut.
-[Snoop] I mean...
I just don't like going hard in practice.
Like. when I was in ninth grade.
I went hard.
I was going hard every...
The whole spring. 'cause I was starting.
And I hurt one of our offensive linemen.
who had a lot of scholarship offers.
And he wind up got hurt
and lost all his scholarships.
Now he in Canton. smoking dope.
[Chauncey] You know this not high school.
[Snoop] I mean.
I don't wanna hurt nobody. bro.
-This is college. [chuckles]
-[Snoop] All right.
You gotta understand. bro.
You ain't gonna play. bro.
if you don't do stuff in practice.
This ain't high school.
you could just play on Fridays.
Play on Saturdays.
-[Snoop] I gotcha.
-Nah. you ain't got it.
You been saying that shit for four weeks.
and you still be bullshittin'.
[Wagner] Okay. I e-mailed him about that.
I'm telling you.
you ain't gonna play. bro.
You think Coach bullshittin'
when he said that.
like. not to put you in the game?
Snoop. enjoy your time here.
When you come from D-I.
and you all the way up here.
like. people treat you. like. so good.
and. like. when you come down to JUCO.
it's like starting over.
I look at myself. like. "Damn. like.
I had it good. but I lost it all."
How old you is?
[Chauncey] I'm 19.
I'm trying to make a mil before I'm 23.
I'm trying to be rich.
I'm gonna be 21.
-[Chauncey] You retarded. It's a wrap.
-[both laugh]
[Chauncey] It's a wrap.
When I chose to come here.
like. Coach. he drove to Atlanta.
and he came and met with my mom
and me and my brother.
and. uh. he was telling me about Kam.
[stammers] We got in trouble
for the same reasons.
That's why they wanted us
in the same room.
you know? To help each other out.
That's crazy. 'cause we actually played...
[stutters] We played each other's school
in the bowl game last year.
That's crazy. and now we roommates.
[Chauncey] If you look in the media.
my name's... You know what I'm saying?
Just a person who does bad things.
A person who just
doesn't make great decisions.
At the end of the day.
I got something to prove.
you know what I'm saying?
To get back on top.
You know. I have little brothers
and sisters and stuff like that.
And he looked my name up in class
to show his friends.
The first thing that came up
is I got kicked out of Penn State.
And. I mean.
he called me crying that night.
It took me hearing
that it hurt somebody else.
me getting kicked out. for. you know.
it to come back and hurt me.
We got five D-linemen for the first game.
and we got... [chuckles]
and we pretty much sure that
we're gonna have to play every snap.
I'm ready. but you know what I'm sayin'?
-[Kam] You don't know what to expect.
-I don't know what to expect.
I mean. just thinking about. you know.
[chuckles] not getting a break till
the first quarter's over. is like. dang.
It's a difference between in shape
and actually in shape.
[indistinct chatter]
Whoo! It's a hot one.
[Williams] Ready!
-Go!
-[grunting and panting]
Ten. nine. eight. seven. six.
five. four. three. two. one!
[coach] Hey. how many are you runnin'?
[Williams] Until they make time.
They just missed the first one.
-[panting]
-[Williams] Guys. 20 seconds is not hard.
Let's go. helmets on.
get back to the line. Let's go. Ready!
-[player] Come on. Let's ride.
-[Chauncey] Let's go. Kam.
Put your hand down. Kam. Come on.
[Williams] Go!
Go!
-Go! Go!
-[grunting]
-[player 1] Let's go. Snoop!
[player 2] Catch up. Snoop!
[Williams] Three. two. one!
See. that. that's that "quit" right there.
I knew it was coming soon. that "quit."
[Tim] You can make them keep running.
I'm makin' mine.
-[man] Ain't no "them." man.
-Man. fuck all that.
Ain't finna keep running
for a motherfucker
that don't wanna make their time.
[Williams] Stand up. Tim. Stand up!
[player] We had a long-ass practice.
-[Kam] This some dumb bullshit.
-[Williams] Don't say nothing else.
Don't say nothing else.
Ready. Go!
Five. four. three. two. one.
-[panting]
-[Williams] Everybody up.
Yo. stand up. Hey. can we get
some water over here. please?
Yes. there you go.
[player] Appreciate it. I know. I know.
[player 2] Wash it down. it's all good.
-[Williams] Y'all all right?
-[Snoop] Yes. sir.
-[Williams] Today was the last day...
-[Kam] Uh-uh. Get off me.
Today was the last day. Okay?
Of coming out here lackadaisical
and not focused.
The last day.
I got guys in this group
that's still out of shape.
And I got guys in this group
that still ain't ready
that we gonna be depending on.
I got guys still in this group
that don't know what the hell to do.
that we gonna be depending on!
So. if you got a problem
with my approach to getting you ready.
go play another position.
You got me? Today was the last day. guys.
I mean it. okay?
[Williams] Break it down.
[player] D-line on me. D-line on three.
One. two. three!
[all] D-line!
-[player] Boot up.
-[Williams] Get off the field.
[player] Whoo!
[Williams] Talent-wise. I'm not worried.
We're a pretty good.
talented football team.
But. you know.
we can only play so many plays.
so the depth would be the one thing
that I'd be worried about
just because of the freshmen
that has to play.
You got young guys
that have to play immediately.
not gonna baby 'em.
not gonna be their friend.
You know. I'm a hard-nosed coach.
And when we're out on that field now.
you know. I gotta get 'em going.
[Wagner] You can sit down in there
and do some homework. For math.
[Snoop] Hey. Dakota. You good at math?
Yeah. I can help you.
[Wagner gasps] Yes!
This dude has already passed. like.
calculus four.
-[Chauncey] Damn!
-[chuckles] Calculus two. Miss B.
-[Wagner] And you made an A.
-I don't know...
[player] Hey!
I wouldn't say I just like school.
I just... I just know I need it.
So I do put time...
I do put a lot of time into school.
You need some help still?
[Snoop] Yeah. I barely made it
out of high school.
[Chauncey]
You qualified out of high school?
No. I ain't qualified.
[Chauncey] Damn. Why you say it like that?
[chuckles] Because. man. I'm here.
Oh. man...
I ain't qualify nothin'.
All right. why Mississippi like...
They think like. okay.
when they graduate high school.
there's JUCO. then foot. then college.
-[Wagner] They don't.
-I swear to God. that's how they think.
-All of these--
-[Wagner] Because they're not...
-They know they're not gonna qualify.
-I think it's the school system.
Very good thought. You're right.
-[Chauncey] It's sad.
-It is sad. Very sad.
[Chauncey] That is not
how you supposed to think.
You're right.
So then what you wanna do here is
you ask yourself what they have in common.
They both have a X.
yeah. so you take it out.
-That's the same as that.
-[Snoop] Oh. So...
-See what I'm saying?
-All right. I see now.
Three X plus two.
[Wagner] If you came in today
and said. "Dakota Allen."
and then told me what he had done.
I wouldn't believe you.
There's no way you could convince me
that that kid had an armed robbery charge.
I literally wouldn't think
he could hurt a fly.
He is the sweetest. most genuine...
smart. like...
the whole package.
Whole-package kid to me.
[Buddy] Here we go. Here we go.
Red-Seven. Hurry. Hurry. Hurry.
[whistle blows]
Walter. we're going against air.
We gotta get a snap!
Quit feeling sorry for yourselves
and thinking that it's hot.
Get the dadgum snap.
Snap's the easiest thing in the world.
Get the snap! All right?
And. hey. move around a little bit.
have some urgency!
We got a day that we got to get better!
And we're not getting better!
Don't get better how...
I'm gonna tell you something.
You will get skull-drug in the first game.
You will get skull-drug!
Every day you gotta get better!
Every single day!
Now. I mean what I'm saying!
Some of you are sitting around
and you ain't taking it serious!
If you don't pick it up.
you will get your rear end drug out.
Unless you're working.
and don't pretend to be working. Work!
There's a difference!
De'Andre. lead your team.
[De'Andre] Whose Father?
[all] Our Father. who art in Heaven.
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come. thy will be done.
on Earth as it is in Heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread.
and forgive us our trespasses.
as we forgive our trespassers.
And lead us not into temptation.
but deliver us from evil...
[Buddy] Let's go.
Break it down! Hurry! Let's go!
Anything else? Look at it
and see if I need to change it.
-I'm gonna adjust it.
-[Buddy] Uh. no. I think we're fine.
We play against the best
every day in this league.
And most people fear EMCC.
and we practice every day against EMCC.
So. I mean. it's just another day
at the playground.
'cause Coach Stephens
done killed us way worse
than Jones could do to us tonight.
[all chuckle]
-No. we gonna be fine.
-[Maleke] Okay. Right.
Play hard all the time.
That's all you gotta do.
[player 1] A coach once told me.
"Be in they face so much.
you can tell what they had for breakfast."
-[player 2] On my mama!
-[player 3] Yep.
I ain't with that nervousness. boy.
[player 2] Ain't nothing
to be nervous about. Play the game!
Here's what I'm gonna do
first play of the game. seven yards out...
I'm looking at the quarterback...
then I'm gonna square his ass up.
-[player 1] Square him up?
-[player 2 screams]
-It's a wrap.
-[player] A wrap. Crazy ass.
[Wood] Anybody got any questions
on anything that they've got?
Coach has got
two call sheets on the front.
You gotta be smart enough that
if you hear something
that doesn't seem right.
if something doesn't sound right.
look at him. and ask him to re-run it.
Just tell him. "What?"
Ask him to re-run it.
Keep it small. move fast. relax.
play fast. get after 'em.
[Crowder] It's definitely gonna be
a tough. tough fight.
I don't care how talented you are.
32 players versus 55...
with the heat and humidity of Mississippi.
it'll take a lot out of you.
I mean. you're gonna see
guys cramping in this game.
You're gonna see guys
that are gonna be tested.
not only physically. but mentally.
[Snoop] He's crossing the center's face.
No. son.
You don't know what to do.
[Crowder] You look at leadership.
it's gonna be tough.
Who's gonna go out there to lead?
That are all new faces to a program.
Most of these guys were playing
high school ball a year ago.
They're gonna be lined up against guys
that are transfers
from big D-I programs. SEC teams.
[player in singsong]
We're gonna have a good time.
Here we are.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[player humming]
Y'all boys. go to work. Real shit.
Go to work. my dog.
Go eat they ass up.
and then come back with the W.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Twenty-one. twenty-one ♪
[Buddy] We got a real good team
sitting back at the house playing catch.
[chuckles]
Get your mind right. Let's go.
They're gonna bring pressure.
I'll put you in the right play. just...
Here's the deal.
Know when to eat it. know when to run it.
[stutters] know when to chuck it
off the sideline.
-You understand?
-Yes.
Make sure you're smart with the ball.
That's it. Smart with the ball. baby.
[Ed Holly] History tonight. gentlemen.
History tonight. History tonight.
Gettin' right. now.
Making history tonight.
History tonight. History tonight.
Make history tonight.
[player] Whoo! History tonight.
[player 2 humming]
Think we'll probably get
a T-shirt out of it.
Even you. Snoop. History tonight!
[clapping]
[Crowder] Charlie. the keys to the game.
in your opinion. for this young EMCC team?
[Charlie Winfield]
A couple things are obvious.
Depth. whether you're in condition.
how you handle the heat. things like that.
With a lot of first-year players.
a lot of guys who don't have
that experience. that could be a factor.
[Buddy] No matter what happens.
you got each other's back. You understand?
You got each other's back.
Let's bust our rear end. You understand?
Who are we? You understand?
Who are we? We're East Mississippi.
We do what we gotta do.
Everybody touch somebody.
Let's go...
Hey! Hey. hey. Play hard for each other.
-[crowd cheering]
-[marching band playing]
[Crowder] EMCC. the number one team in
the country is gonna receive the football.
[Winfield] We'll see how
EMCC likes to start this thing.
[Buddy] Offense! Let's go!
Right here! Let's go!
Hey! Get your rear end over here!
Here we go. We're gonna go...
We're gonna go right. 23-Choice. Let's go.
[Crowder] Here's the snap.
handed off to his tailback...
has nowhere to go as he's gonna be hit
just behind the line of scrimmage.
[Buddy] Hey! Hey!
You gotta come off the ball!
Get off the ball! Let's go!
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
-[Buddy] River-G. Hurry. get down!
-[Vijay] River. River!
[Buddy] Run it! Run it!
Run it! Run it! River-G.
-[Vijay] River G!
-[Buddy] Hey. Time out!
-[Buddy] Time out! Time out!
-[Vijay] South! South!
-[Vijay] What is River-G?
-[player] We never put in River-G.
-[Buddy] Hey. Have y'all put in River-G?
-[player 1] 800-G.
-[player] It's 800-G.
-[Buddy] 800-G. All right.
[Buddy] Give me right over west...
-[Vijay] Right over...
-[Buddy] ...92-Z. Right over west.
[Vijay] What. we take south?
South! South! South!
[Buddy and Vijay] Right over!
-West. 92-Z.
-[Vijay] Right over!
[Crowder] Miller back to pass.
Pressure coming up the middle.
[Buddy] West. Hey! It's west! West!
Hey. we expected this. We expected this.
Hey. first quarter's always tough. right?
We gotta handle this business right here.
We expected this!
Nothing happened. we just gotta ball
on defense and keep us in this
till our offense starts hitting
on all cylinders. and it will.
We take over this fucking game.
This shit starts with us.
[Crowder] So. Jones will get
decent field position.
Here's the snap. and...
Great protection.
firing it over the middle...
Intercepted by EMCC!
[all cheering]
[Crowder] Inside the 40.
Sidesteps a man there.
Around the 37
and is gonna be pushed out of bounds.
[players grunting]
[Dakota] What y'all mean?
What y'all mean?
[cheering and shouting]
[Dakota] Texas. nigga. Texas. nigga.
[man] Get your butt out of here.
[Dakota] Don't grab me like that!
[referee] Make a play.
then get on the other side.
-[Dakota] I got you!
-Offense! Offense! Right here! Let's go!
[Dakota] Man. let's go!
[player] That's what I'm talking about!
Good shit.
[Dakota] We came to play.
Houston. Texas. Nigga. what's up?
-Offense. offense.
-Let's go. let's go. hey. let's go. boys.
Let's go. Y'all got another chance.
[Crowder] That's gonna be Dakota Allen
who's gonna make that interception.
The transfer from Texas Tech.
And I'll tell you what. Glen.
EMCC defensively steps up and gives
their offense great field position.
Old boy out there can't play dead
in a doggone cowboy western. right?
And we gotta make sure
that happens all night. so keep it up now.
[Buddy] Let's go.
We got the right people in?
Do we got the right people in?
[Crowder] Miller. pocket collapses
but he just lofts it near side
and he overshoots everybody.
Miscommunication
between near-side receiver...
[Vijay] What are you running?
What are you running? What?
[Winfield]
You see that early in the season.
[Vijay] No. 94. 94.
[Winfield]
These guys haven't played together
so it's gonna take time
to get in sync with each other.
-[Buddy] Get off the field!
-[Vijay] I gave you the signal.
-Punt! Let's go!
-[Vijay] What are we doing?
Get off the field. Get on the side!
Moose. shut up. shut up.
-Shut up! Get on the side!
-Damn.
[Vijay] You gotta run the right shit
to have the right play.
[Buddy] You know what they're saying?
That's the reason we didn't sign his butt.
Listen to me. Listen to me! Okay?
We... Hey! We got to...
We gotta listen! We're... Hey!
You're a better team than they are.
but you don't listen!
We got west. and you ought to be able
to look over and know what west is.
You got to call the protection.
every single play. okay? You got me?
We're gonna win the game if we'll come on
and play ball and not make mistakes.
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[Crowder] Third down and 13 for EMCC.
Spot of the football
is gonna be the 35
-their own 35-yard line.
-[Buddy] Down here!
And as he's hit. he throws the football
down the far sideline
and making a great catch!
And staying on his feet inside the 20.
Ten. five... Touchdown. EMCC.
[cheering and yelling]
Let's go!
Touchdown!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Good shit. O!
[Crowder] What a catch!
[Winfield] Raphael Leonard.
just went up and took the football away.
then he was able to maintain his balance.
[indistinct yelling]
[Crowder] 65-yard bomb
from Miller to Leonard.
[Bo Wallace] Thataway to be strong!
[cheering and yelling]
[player] Let's go. baby!
Mop this pussy ass!
[Crowder] EMCC will take
an early seven-nothing lead
with 55 seconds to go
in the first quarter.
[Buddy] Awesome play.
You're gonna have to make more.
All right. let's go.
[Crowder] Here's the snap.
Back to pass. Looking.
Has backside pressure. doesn't see it.
Ball's knocked loose.
[cheering and yelling]
[Crowder] Boy. this is a gift for EMCC.
Bonner falling on forced fumble
by Chauncey Rivers.
He played in four games for
the University of Georgia a season ago.
[cheering and yelling]
We go! Let's go! It's over. it's over.
[Kam] Hey. Tim!
[crowd cheering and yelling]
That's us. right there.
Score this. motherfuckers!
[Winfield] A golden opportunity.
a chance to add to a touchdown lead.
Let's see if the Lions can take advantage.
[Crowder] Here's the snap to Miller.
Miller fakes the give.
has pressure up the middle. he's hit.
He's gonna be drug down.
Vijay Miller's gonna be sacked.
[Winfield] Right up the middle that time.
untouched.
What are you doing?
Hey. you're standing right here!
Get the signal!
[Crowder] Here's the snap to Miller.
Miller is gonna fire over to the far side.
It goes off the hands
of the intended receiver
-at the 22-yard line...
-Ball. ball!
[Crowder] ...in the backfield.
[Buddy] You can't do that.
You gotta be a man and catch it.
[Crowder] And that's gonna bring up
now a third-down situation for EMCC.
-And it's gonna be a huge sack.
-[whistle blowing]
[Buddy] What're you doing?
[Crowder]
So that's going to be a huge loss...
[Buddy] What are you doing?
Block! What are you doing?
Wake up!
[Buddy] The defense is playing great
and y'all are letting 'em have it.
Why are you going up to the linebacker?
You're not thinking. and then you get beat
and you just get pushed back
into the quarterback.
Hey. you... Hey. listen to me.
Look at me. look at me.
You either pick it up
and you start playing like a champion
or you won't play after this week.
When times are tough. you gotta focus.
It's physical!
You gotta come on and play.
You can't-- You can't sit around.
Move. please. You can't sit around.
You gotta come on.
You gotta come off the ball. All right?
You gotta run the play
the way it's supposed to!
You gotta quit being soft.
You gotta quit being soft!
We'll win. We'll win if y'all will block.
-[buzzer sounds]
-That's it.
Let's go. let's go. let's go. guys!
Let's go. let's go.
[Crowder] So an interception
and fumble recoveries for EMCC
here in this first half
have given them a ten-point lead.
We'll get Buddy Stephens' thoughts.
I'd say he has to be pleased.
Coach. first half. all these freshmen.
what do you think?
Uh. you know.
we're making a lot of mistakes mentally.
[stutters] I mean.
we're not recognizing formations.
We're not getting the calls
from the sideline.
We're. uh. you know.
missing assignments on offense.
Um. you know. we're not...
we're not executing real well at all.
We're not. you know...
we're not maintaining blocks.
Um. uh. yeah. I don't know...
I honestly...
There's a lot more you could go over.
I don't know if you have a...
If this is a 30-minute show or not.
Um. our guys are playing hard.
We just have to play a lot smarter
on offense right now.
And. uh. just keep
everything in front of us.
Hey. let me tell you something.
Playing a heck of a good football game.
I told you. we're gonna shock the world.
Nobody thinks
you're gonna be able to come here
[stammers] and beat...
A team of 30. beat a team of 55.
Nobody thinks that. but you should be up
by dadgum 25 right now.
You're better than them.
You just keep playing like that. okay?
And O-line. you gotta pick it up.
or you're gonna be looking at everybody
when the game's over with. going.
"I'm sorry."
You can't do that!
You gotta get in behind your pads.
come off and knock the piss
out of somebody.
No. "What if" or "What. hey..."
[imitating player grumbling]
No!
Get down. come off. and knock
the crap out of somebody. You got me?
Let's go. let's get after...
Hey. keep working.
Just keep working.
You're doing a heck of a job. D.
[Ed Holly] I need 40 plays.
Forty plays. We need 40 plays.
So in the fourth quarter.
we're the strongest.
Can we hold up for 40 more plays?
That's the question.
[trainer] With the heat
and our reduced numbers.
we're expecting guys to have
a little bit of trouble with cramping.
so the pickle juice has got
a lot of electrolytes in it.
It's the best thing for cramps.
-[player] Good shit. defense!
-Keep competing!
[coach] Come on. D. step up!
[snarling and growling]
[continues snarling and growling]
Watch the ball!
[Crowder] EMCC clinging
to the ten-point lead.
13-3 with 11:40 to go
here in this third quarter.
Jones knocking on the end zone door and...
there's the zone read.
Quarterback keeper. inside the ten.
inside the five. touchdown.
A 17-yard touchdown run.
and that's the first touchdown for Jones.
They make it a three-point game.
Man. Let's go. D!
[Buddy] Hey. listen. you hear that?
That's us not executing.
Listen to me now.
when you go home. you're gonna have
yourself to look at in the mirror.
Time to make plays. kickoff return!
[Tim] It's not my fucking fault.
The fuck?
[Crowder] Ball on the right hash.
moving right to left.
Miller. with the snap. back to pass.
pocket collapses.
Tripped up as he was trying to go
to the right side.
He's gonna be dropped inside the 25.
And so EMCC is gonna have to punt away
from their own 23-yard line.
Come on. defense!
Get the ball!
[Crowder]
On the snap. pocket collapses.
He dumps it underneath and it's caught.
Inside the 15. inside the ten.
inside the five. staying on his feet.
and it's a touchdown.
And Jones is taking
their first lead of the game.
3:49 to go in the third quarter.
[crowd cheering]
[Buddy] Shit.
-[yelling indistinctly]
-[Buddy] Hey. Hey. hey. hey!
[coach] You gotta look to the sideline!
That's 'cause you tired
and you're not paying attention!
[Winfield] Now is the time
where you start to see
that being tired take effect.
Fuck!
Bullshit! Bullshit!
[Crowder] And you see players
grabbing their toes.
trying to stretch out their legs.
Cramp's gonna be a big factor here
over the final minutes.
[Buddy] I ain't got
more offensive linemen.
I ain't got any offensive linemen...
Next time we go out.
he's gotta go at left guard.
-Snoop! Snoop! Snoop! Snoop!
-[sighs] This some bullshit. man.
-[player] Let's go. dog.
All right. listen to me.
You're in over at left guard now. okay?
Hey. you gotta tell him
who to block. Snoop?
Get your head up. find somebody.
and hold the piss out of 'em.
You understand?
[Crowder] Twin receivers either side.
creeping up on linebackers.
They drop back in coverage on the snap.
Miller can't escape
his would-be tackler... and does get him.
-Gets him inside the 15...
-[Vijay grunts]
Still on his feet though.
my goodness gracious.
he is showing toughness in not going down!
[Buddy] Oh. dear Jesus.
Get up! Get up!
Get off the field. let's go!
This shit pitiful. man!
[Buddy] No laying on the ground anymore.
you understand?
Ever. Ever! You don't lay on the ground.
You never let 'em see it. You understand?
[Vijay] Yeah.
[Buddy] I cannot baby you anymore!
It's big time.
We gotta score two or three more times.
and it ain't happening
the way we're protectin'. You understand?
And where it is. is with you five.
I don't wanna see any more sad faces.
There's no more "my bads."
This team is depending on y'all
to grow up and play.
[Crowder] Here's the snap on first down
and ten. bootleg. back to pass.
firing it deep down the field.
has a man open briefly...
And it's reached up for and caught!
The 20. inside the ten. inside the five.
dragging EMCC to the goal line. touchdown.
And so. make it 21
unanswered points for Jones.
an 11-point lead in the third quarter.
[Buddy] Hey. find some way to be happy
and contribute. Come on. guys. Hey. Hey.
Hey. we gotta change the momentum. man.
-We got to. we got to.
-[Buddy] You got to now.
This shit ain't over with.
We gonna motherfucking fight. man.
-You feel me?
-[player] It ain't ever over.
This shit ain't over with.
-[player] Zero on the clock.
-Man. it got me fucked up.
Man. we done took a motherfuckin' hour
and some hell drive. bro.
Man. you think. man.
we finna leave like this?
They got me so fucked up. man.
We gotta fight. man.
We ain't letting nothing up. man. Nothin'.
Point-blank peer. man.
Straight. dog. we worked too hard. nigga.
We sweated too motherfucking long. man.
We put in too much
motherfucking work. man.
You feel me?
I'mma fucking fight. I'mma fight.
-[players yelling indistinctly]
-I'mma fight. We gotta go. I'mma fight!
[Crowder] Back to pass is Miller.
Miller rolls to his right.
-And he's gotta run.
-Run!
[Crowder] He's gonna have the first down
and more. gets inside the 45.
inside the 40. and he's gonna be pushed
out of bounds. Great run by Vijay Miller.
All right. hurry! Let's go. let's go!
-[coach] Take a shot!
-[Buddy] Let's go!
[Crowder] Miller in the shotgun.
empty backfield.
Back to pass. Looking. looking.
And pocket collapses. rolls to his left.
fires it towards the goal line...
Caught! Touchdown. EMCC!
-[cheering]
-[Vijay cheering and grunting]
[Winfield] Vijay Miller showing
his athleticism right there. guys.
-Scrambling to his left.
-[Vijay] Good shit.
[Winfield] Setting his feet
and throwing across his body.
[Crowder] 14:52 to go in the game.
it's 24-19.
and EMCC is gonna sky kick
and it is going to be...
fielded on a one-hopper.
Actually. tipped up in the air
and EMCC comes up with it!
The Lions will have it
at the 25-yard line!
[cheering]
[Winfield] Oh. my goodness!
Brian Cole is going to come up with it.
[cheering]
[Crowder] There's new life for EMCC.
[Winfield] They will have
a golden opportunity.
They've cut it to 24-19.
but now they have a chance to get more.
[Crowder]
Spotted the football on the eight.
Here's the snap. inside hand-off.
-and bouncing off one man--
-[Winfield] Fumble!
[Crowder] There's a fumble
in the end zone picked up by Jones.
and it's gonna be...
-No!
-...moved out to the five-yard line.
[groaning]
[player] Nigga. hold on to the ball
and run a motherfucker over. man!
-[crowd cheering]
-Did he fumble that?
[Crowder] What an opportunity
that EMCC have squandered.
We're all right.
[indistinct chatter]
Look. in my first game.
I fumbled three times. Three times!
-And the defense bailed me out.
-Get away from me.
[Buddy] Y'all stop 'em here. We'll score.
Y'all stop 'em. we'll score. Let's go.
[Winfield] You need your defense
to give you one more stand.
[Crowder] A turnover would be huge.
EMCC already has
four taken away from Jones.
Squeeze it. Philly! Squeeze it!
[Crowder] Huge third down. defensively.
Blocker steps up.
fires it deep down the field.
towards the end zone...
-Two-on-one.
-...near side. and it's...
-[Ed Holly] That's ours!
-Through a would-be interceptor's hands.
-[player] What the fuck?
-It's incomplete.
-Now they're throwing a flag.
-Oh. my God!
[Crowder] It's interference?
How's it interference?
[Winfield] I don't see
how that could be defensive interference.
What the hell was that?
[Buddy] Hey. I'm trying to be good.
I'm praying to God to help me.
But when you do stupid stuff like that.
that's ridiculous.
-Holy cow!
-[Buddy] Hey. time out!
[Ed Holly] Golly.
glad I don't have to do judgment
on Judgment Day on that one.
That's horse crap.
-Hey. Rick! Time out!
-[Ed Holly] That's awful!
7:30 left. Come on. let's go!
Fourth quarter of a football game.
that is awful.
-[groaning]
-[player] I'm tired of this shit. man.
We are outplaying them.
You have to believe
that the ball's coming your way.
Don't let the referees come in this.
Take the ball and score.
and be a freaking hero.
Greatest comeback
in East Mississippi history.
-Greatest comeback ever!
-[Ed Holly] Make it happen.
[Buddy] Hey. hey. D! D!
If you'll hold 'em out. by God. we'll win.
-Understand? Let's go.
-[player] All right.
[Crowder] Goal to go from the nine
of EMCC. EMCC creeping up.
They get the backfielder
and they hit him and knock him down.
[cheering]
-[Crowder] Good job by defense.
-[player] Blast that nigga!
[Crowder]
It's going to bring up fourth down.
so it's gonna be
a 30-yard field goal attempt.
-and it is... good!
-[Ed Holly] Miss it. miss it!
A 27-19 lead.
That's okay. Field goal. Who gives a crap?
Good job!
It's a one-score game. baby.
There you go! Let's go.
One score. that's the way to ball!
Here we go. nice job. nice job.
[Crowder] Only an eight-point deficit.
You could still go and score
and get a two-point conversion.
[Winfield] But need to go in a hurry.
[Buddy] Hey. here we go.
Go. go. go. Go. go!
Hold on. it's third down. it's third down.
It's third down. damn it.
-[Rod] Easy. easy. easy!
-[Buddy] Hey! Hey! Hey!
Uh. run it. Shit. You already made...
Back up! Goddamn. Rod. back up.
You already made the call.
God damn it. Shit. Rod.
[Winfield] Here's the snap.
Miller. screen pass.
Almost threw an interception.
-Goddamn! You made the fucking call.
-[Rod] I said. "Easy."
[Buddy] On the ball. On the ball.
[Winfield] Two of the receivers were
turned around. talking to the sidelines.
when that football was snapped.
They were not ready to run that play.
and now you have no choice.
I don't think. but to go for it here
on fourth down and eight.
[Crowder] They're gonna go for it.
-Rod. know to call...
-I said. "Easy."
[stammers] I don't give a goddamn
-until I fucking call it.
-Okay.
-Shut up. Rod. Rod. Rod. Rod.
-[Rod] Goddamn.
-Shut up or get the fuck out.
-Okay.
[Crowder] Fourth down.
What do you do here? This is--
[Winfield] Gotta throw for the first.
[Crowder] Here's the snap.
here's pressure.
Picked up. firing it. and it is...
Caught! At the 48-yard line. first down.
And that'll stop the clock.
[Winfield] And that's gonna be
a first down.
[Buddy] Get out of here.
I am talking to you like a man.
Like a man that needs
to get his goddamn job done.
No. you ain't.
you calling without me calling it.
This is a motherfucking comeback.
I'm calling this shit.
[Crowder] So that was a huge play
by Ducksworth. Clock rolling.
[Buddy] West! Look outside!
Get him. Get him!
[Crowder] Miller. the freshman.
takes the snap.
Back to pass. inside pressure.
flushed out of the pocket.
rolls to the near side.
Gonna pump it. now fire to the end zone!
Wide open receiver...
-Caught! Touchdown. EMCC!
-[crowd cheering]
[cheering]
Let's go! Let's go!
[Crowder] 27-25.
Jones on top.
EMCC has a chance to tie this one up.
[Crowder] So now here comes EMCC
to attempt the two-point conversion.
[Buddy] This is money. Hey. this is money.
Everybody know what they got?
Hey. come here! Come here!
I don't wanna... Listen to me.
Hey. hey. come here.
They're... Hey. shut up!
Just calm... Hey! Calm down!
Listen to me. get out there
and line up in your bunch and let's roll.
[Crowder] So. here's the ball game.
folks. 32 seconds left.
[Winfield] You gotta put the ball
in the end zone.
Whatever you have in the bag.
now is the time to use it.
[Crowder] EMCC trails by two.
Awaiting the snap. Here it is.
Miller back to pass. backside pressure.
Throws as he's hit.
and it's knocked away at the goal line.
[Crowder] Crowell had it momentarily.
and it was knocked away.
And EMCC is gonna drop game one.
But what a valiant effort.
With only 32 players.
all freshmen except
for some transfer sophomores.
No one who was a part of this program
a year ago.
They came up just a bit short.
[marching band playing]
[player] Fuck!
Hey. Every eye. right here.
Look at me. Look at me!
I have never been more proud
of a bunch of guys.
I am more proud right now
than any game
that I have ever coached in my life.
Do you understand me?
You fought and you kept fighting.
and. hey. under great odds.
I am so proud of you.
Now. let's get ourselves together
and let's come back tomorrow
as a whole team.
You got it? Because I promise you.
if we get everybody together.
we're pretty doggone good. You understand?
Hey. you look at me!
I have never been prouder
of a bunch of guys.
I love you for the effort. Hey!
I'm proud of you. I love you guys.
Everybody touch somebody.
Our Father. who art in Heaven.
hallowed be your name.
Thy kingdom come. thy will be done...
[Clark] I've been playing. coaching.
and watching football for 60 years.
I don't ever recall
a performance by a bunch of freshmen
that made me any prouder
than these guys did tonight.
[voice breaking] They absolutely put
everything they had on the field.
[clears throat] And I apologize
for that... breakout right there.
But that's just as honest as I can be.
It's as gutty a performance
as I've ever seen
and I'm proud of every dadgum one of 'em.
[Crowder] There's a big moral victory
that you lost
by just two points on the road
versus a full 55-man roster.
But at the same time.
there's a lot of work to do now.
to get yourself back into position
to win a national championship.
[acoustic guitar playing]
♪ One day. the Netflix crew
Come rolling into town ♪
♪ They all jumped out
Started pointing them cameras around ♪
♪ They had to see
If what they had been told was true ♪
♪ They filmed our struggles
And they filmed our pain ♪
♪ Even filmed us winnin' and fightin'
In the game ♪
♪ Which caused our season
To end much too soon ♪
♪ And the whole world viewed it
on Last Chance U ♪
♪ 2016's season's finally here ♪
♪ Look like 'em Lions
Gonna have another year ♪
♪ Right at the top
Right where they always do ♪
♪ And the whole world would view it ♪
♪ In Season Two ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today